README.md, before:

# Expandable RecyclerView

A custom RecyclerView which allows for an expandable view to be attached to each ViewHolder

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bignerdranch/expandable-recycler-view.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bignerdranch/expandable-recycler-view)

[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Expandable%20RecyclerView-green.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/2119)

For more information please see [the website](http://bignerdranch.github.io/expandable-recycler-view/).

##Download

[v2.1.1 AAR](http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/bignerdranch/android/expandablerecyclerview/2.1.1/expandablerecyclerview-2.1.1.aar)

**Gradle**

```
compile 'com.bignerdranch.android:expandablerecyclerview:2.1.1'
```

**Maven**

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.bignerdranch.android</groupId>
  <artifactId>expandablerecyclerview</artifactId>
  <version>2.1.1</version>
</dependency>
```

##License

      The MIT License
      
      Copyright (c) 2015 Big Nerd Ranch
      
      Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
      of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
      in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
      to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
      copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
      furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
      
      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
      all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
      IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
      FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
      AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
      LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
      OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
      THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

re-add contributing guidelines to readme, change subheader formatting

README.md, after:

# Expandable RecyclerView

A custom RecyclerView which allows for an expandable view to be attached to each ViewHolder

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bignerdranch/expandable-recycler-view.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bignerdranch/expandable-recycler-view)

[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Expandable%20RecyclerView-green.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/2119)

For more information please see [the website](http://bignerdranch.github.io/expandable-recycler-view/).

##Download

[v2.1.1 AAR](http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/bignerdranch/android/expandablerecyclerview/2.1.1/expandablerecyclerview-2.1.1.aar)

####Gradle

```
compile 'com.bignerdranch.android:expandablerecyclerview:2.1.1'
```

####Maven

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.bignerdranch.android</groupId>
  <artifactId>expandablerecyclerview</artifactId>
  <version>2.1.1</version>
</dependency>
```
##Contributing

####Issues or Comments

If you have an idea for a feature enhancement or a bug fix, we'd love to know! We handle issue tracking using GitHub's issue system, so please add your issue/comment there.

####Updates and Fixes

We also welcome all pull requests, ideally your work is based off of a request in our GitHub issues. We really love [good commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) and atomic commits.

The `dev-3.0.0` branch is used for any incompatible API changes, since they will cause a 3.0.0 release. If your work breaks or changes any existing API's we ask that you target and branch off of the `dev-3.0.0` branch.

If you have a bug fix or adding functionality without affecting current API, you should target and branch off of `master`. This way, we're flexible to pull in bug fixes and additional features as soon as possible.

##License

      The MIT License
      
      Copyright (c) 2015 Big Nerd Ranch
      
      Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
      of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
      in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
      to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
      copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
      furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
      
      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
      all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
      IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
      FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
      AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
      LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
      OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
      THE SOFTWARE.
